tidb: add doc for global kill (#4565)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-kill.md

* By design, this statement is not compatible with MySQL by default. This helps prevent against a case of a connection being terminated on the wrong TiDB server, because it is common to place multiple TiDB servers behind a load balancer.
* The `KILL TIDB` statement is a TiDB extension. If you are certain that the session you are attempting to kill is on the same TiDB server, set [`compatible-kill-query = true`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#compatible-kill-query) in your configuration file.

> ## Global Kill since TiDB v5.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Global kill <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0.0</span>
```

Reviewer: The style is to use capitalization only for the first word unless it is a `H1`

> Since v5.0, TiDB provide a feature call [global kill](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/master/docs/design/2020-06-01-global-kill.md), to enable safely killing any connection, even when TiDB servers are behide a load balancer.
> 
> To enable "global kill", set `enable-global-kill = true` in `experimental` section of your configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v5.0, TiDB provides experimental support for [global kill](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/master/docs/design/2020-06-01-global-kill.md). When enabled, each TiDB server will ensure that Connection IDs are globally unique. A `KILL` statement can be issued to any TiDB server, which will internally route the request to the correct TiDB instance. This ensures that `KILL` is safe even when TiDB servers are behind a load balancer.

To enable "global kill", set `enable-global-kill = true` in `experimental` section of your configuration file.
```
